# Choice

**Choice** is a unique and immersive 2D text-based adventure game that generates a new and exciting story each time you play. Leveraging advanced AI technologies, the game offers an unparalleled interactive experience where the narrative and visuals are dynamically created based on your choices.

## Features

- **Dynamic Story Generation**: Each game session is driven by the OpenAI API, ensuring that no two adventures are the same. The AI crafts unique and compelling stories based on player inputs.
- **Visual Storytelling**: Enhance your adventure with custom images generated by the DALLE-3 API. Visuals are created in real-time to match the unfolding narrative.
- **Cross-Platform Availability**: Built so that the game runs on Windows, macOS, and Linux, providing a native-like experience on all major operating systems.
- **Intuitive Interface**: The game features a simple yet engaging user interface built with the Electron framework using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, ensuring an accessible and enjoyable experience for all players.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/choice.git
    cd choice
    ```

2. Install all the dependencies:
    ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

## Usage

1. Open a split terminal.

2. In both terminals, change directories into the `my-app` folder:
    ```sh
    cd my-app
    ```

3. In the first terminal, run the Python script:
    ```sh
    python main.py
    ```

4. Once the script is running, in the second terminal, start the application:
    ```sh
    npm start
    ```

This will start the program, and you can play it from there.

## Support

For any issues or questions, please open an issue on the project's GitHub page or contact me directly.

## Acknowledgements

Inspired by historical events and famous literary works, aiming to provide an educational and empathetic gaming experience.

## License

This is a personal project, and I haven't decided on a license yet.
